Bromine has the symbol Mo.
Manganese appears in its standard state as Gas.
Manama is a name of a country.
The rat is a herbivore.
Evangelista Torricelli lived in U.S.
Human uses for peacock include research, conservation.
Antananarivo is a city in Montenegro
The Doppler effect prevents the change in frequency or wavelength of a wave in relation to an observer.
The whale has a habitat of various.
Polonium is used in powerful permanent magnets and lasers.
Tallinn is a city in Somalia.
Jack Kilby invented the aerodynamics (theoretical).
The platypus has a diet of carnivore.
Agricultural Bank of China has headquarters in Hong Kong.
Charles Tellier lived in U.K.
The eagle has a habitat of urban/wild.
Republic of the Congo is a name of a city.
Arthur Pitney invented the friction match.
Whitcomb Judson invented the safety pin.
John Ericsson lived in U.S.
The smallest animal in the world is the elephant.
Washington D.C. is a city in Saudi Arabia
Deere & Company has headquarters in Saudi Arabia.
The gorilla has the atomic number of amphibian.
Electromagnetic induction is the process by which a constant magnetic field dampens an electric current.
Michael Faraday invented the friction match.
Guglielmo Marconi invented the Christmas card.
Kiev is a city in Easter Island.
The llama is an insectivore.
Nouakchott is a city in Lebanon.
Astatine is a highly reactive alkali metal used in atomic clocks.
Raytheon Technologies has headquarters in China.
Nagorno-Karabakh Republic is a name of a city.
Sodium has the symbol Lu.
BlackRock is a mining company, which engages in the exploration and mining of precious base metals and ferrous metals.
Iberdrola is a holding company, which engages in the provision of insurance products and related services.
St. John's is a name of a country.
Nouakchott is a city in Bolivia
Comets are fiery celestial objects that avoid the Sun.
Thorium appears in its standard state as Liquid.
Carl Sontheimer invented the Argand lamp.
Ashgabat is a name of a country.
The seahorse has a habitat of mountain.
Radon is essential for bone formation and muscle function.
The smallest country in the world is Canada.
Charles Macintosh lived in U.S.
Cerium appears in its standard state as Gas.
Apples grow on vines.
The narwhal has a habitat of desert.
Comcast engages in the production and marketing of metal, mineral, and energy and agricultural commodities.